Add caching support for persist Redis (#10)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-persist.redis: ballerina/Package.md

The following is a sample `Config.toml` file with the Redis data store configuration. This is generated by the `persist generate` command.

```toml
[<packageName>.<moduleName>.connectionConfig]
connection = "redis://localhost:6379"

[<packageName>.<moduleName>.cacheConfig]
maxAge = -1
```

Alternatively, you can provide connection parameters instead of the `URI` as follows.
```toml
[<packageName>.<moduleName>.connectionConfig.connection]
host = "localhost"
port = 6379
```

> Currently, the Redis data store only supports application-level caching. The `maxAge` parameter in the cache configuration specifies the maximum age in `seconds` for cached objects. A value of `-1` indicates that objects within the cache have no expiry time, persisting indefinitely until manually removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the Redis data store only supports global cache configuration at the client level. The `maxAge` parameter in the cache configuration specifies the maximum age in `seconds` for cached objects. A value of `-1` indicates that objects within the cache have no expiry time, persisting indefinitely until manually removed.
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-persist.redis/pull/10/commits/72ac6cb961f422af8a7447db9bd91084c7579d4c
